README.md, before:

# diff-doc-osx

A partial port of TortoiseSVN/TortoiseGit diff-doc.js to Objective-C on Mac OSX using ScriptingBridge.
For the source script, see https://github.com/TortoiseGit/TortoiseGit/blob/master/contrib/diff-scripts/diff-doc.js.

The code in is distributed under the GNU General Public License. 

## Prerequisites

Microsoft Word needs to be installed. Contrary to the source script, this port
does not support using OpenOffice (or LibreOffice) to perform the comparison. 

## Usage 

`diff-doc-osx base.doc new.doc`

## Build instructions

Open and build the project in XCode. The header file `Word.h` was initially generated
using the follwing command (see also this documentation from [Apple](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/ScriptingBridgeConcepts/UsingScriptingBridge/UsingScriptingBridge.html))

`sdef /Applications/Microsoft\ Word.app | sdp -fh --basename Word`

The resulting file was adapted so as to compile error- (but not warning-) free.

## Known issues

Newer versions of Microsoft Office apps are sandboxed. This leads to the annoying
"Grant File Access" dialog to pop up for each of the documents to be compared in cases
where Word does not have permission to access the respective file already.

## Future work

Create a formula for [`brew`](https://github.com/Homebrew)

Commit message:

Update usage and known issues to reflect that only absolute paths work

README.md, after:

# diff-doc-osx

A partial port of TortoiseSVN/TortoiseGit diff-doc.js to Objective-C on Mac OSX using ScriptingBridge.
For the source script, see https://github.com/TortoiseGit/TortoiseGit/blob/master/contrib/diff-scripts/diff-doc.js.

The code in is distributed under the GNU General Public License. 

## Prerequisites

Microsoft Word needs to be installed. Contrary to the source script, this port
does not support using OpenOffice (or LibreOffice) to perform the comparison. 

## Usage 

`diff-doc-osx <absolute-path-to-base.doc> <absolute-path-to-new.doc>`


## Build instructions

Open and build the project in XCode. The header file `Word.h` was initially generated
using the follwing command (see also this documentation from [Apple](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/Cocoa/Conceptual/ScriptingBridgeConcepts/UsingScriptingBridge/UsingScriptingBridge.html))

`sdef /Applications/Microsoft\ Word.app | sdp -fh --basename Word`

The resulting file was adapted so as to compile error- (but not warning-) free.

## Known issues

* Relative paths to documents are not supported 
* Newer versions of Microsoft Office apps are sandboxed. This leads to the annoying
"Grant File Access" dialog to pop up for each of the documents to be compared in cases
where Word does not have permission to access the respective file already.

## Future work

Create a formula for [`brew`](https://github.com/Homebrew)
